[THINKING]
HAS SARTORIUS BEEN LYING
TO ME ALL THIS TIME?!
I BOOKED YOU
A LAST-MINUTE MATCH.
YOUR FLIGHT
TO DUEL ACADEMY
LEAVES TONIGHT
AT 10 P.M. SHARP.
BUT, SARTORIUS!
I JUST DON'T SEE
HOW THIS IS ANY GOOD
FOR MY CAREER.
IT'S A STEP
BACKWARDS.
YOU'VE GOT TO HAVE
MORE FAITH IN THE CARDS.
REMEMBER,
THEY SEE EVERYTHING,
AND RIGHT NOW THEY'RE
WARNING US OF A THREAT.
I KNOW SARTORIUS
SENT YOU.
YOU CAN TRUST ME.
I'M ONE OF YOU NOW.
I'VE SEEN THE LIGHT.
[HORN BLOWS]
I KNOW HIM!
THAT'S SARTORIUS'
LAWYER!
BUT WHAT'S HE
DOING HERE?
WELL, WELL, WELL.
A YOUNG BLOSSOM.
SO FULL OF POTENTIAL,
YET SO EASY TO DESTROY.
SAY YOUR PRAYERS.
JADEN, YOU'RE NEXT!
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU
GOT TO LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GENERATION X ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH! YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
JADEN HAS ACHIEVED
THE IMPOSSIBLE.
HE'S OVERCOME MY PREDICTIONS
NOT ONCE BUT TWICE.
THE REAPER OF SOULS
IS UPRIGHT.
THIS SIGNIFIES JADEN'S DEFEAT.
NOW LET'S SEE
IF HE PROVES ME WRONG.
I THOUGHT
WE HAD A DEAL!
YOU ELIMINATE
THE SLIFER DORM,
AND I'LL MAKE SURE
THIS WHITE DORM OF YOURS
BECOMES A PERMANENT PART
OF THIS SCHOOL!
RELAX, IT'S ALL
UNDER CONTROL.
THE FIRST STEP IS
GETTING RID OF JADEN,
AND THAT LOSER'S
AS GOOD AS GONE.
HE IS?! HOW DO YOU
KNOW FOR SURE?!
BECAUSE HE'S WALKING
INTO MY TRAP
AS WE SPEAK.
Syrus: ARE WE THERE YET?
ARE WE? ARE WE?!
Hassleberry:
AT EASE!
HAVEN'T YOU EVER
BEEN INVITED
TO A PARTY?
NO.
ACCORDING TO THIS MAP,
IT SHOULD BE
RIGHT AROUND,
WELL, HERE.
HUH?
Syrus:
UH, ARE PARTIES
USUALLY IN CAVES?
WELCOME, GENTLEMEN.
UHH!
UH, HI.
WHAT'S UP?!
WE'RE ALL HERE
FOR THE BIG CAVE BASH!
ARE WE EARLY?
ON THE CONTRARY,
YOU'RE RIGHT ON TIME.
HUH?
THE FESTIVITIES
ARE ABOUT TO BEGIN.
WHO ARE YOU?!
HOWARD X. MILLER,
ESQUIRE.
ATTORNEY AT LAW.
BUT CALL ME "X."
All: HUH...
NOW YOU MAY NOT
REALIZE THIS,
BUT YOU AND I
HAVE A CONTRACT.
I NEVER SIGNED ANYTHING!
YOU SIGNED
THE GUEST LIST,
DIDN'T YOU?
MAYBE YOU SHOULD'VE
CHECKED THE FINE PRINT.
OH, YEAH.
GUESS I'M NOT
MUCH OF A "READER."
WHAT DID YOU MAKE
JADEN SIGN?!
A SIMPLE AGREEMENT
OUTLINING THE STAKES.
IF YOU LOSE,
YOUR DORM
IS NULL AND VOID.
NO SWEAT!
LOSING ISN'T
ON MY SCHEDULE TODAY!
OH, YEAH!
THERE'S NO BETTER PARTY
THAN A DUEL!
♪ I'M GONNA GET MY GAME ON ♪
♪ I'M GONNA GET MY... ♪
[THINKING]
YOU HAVE NO IDEA
WHAT YOU'RE IN FOR.
TIME FOR
OPENING STATEMENTS.
ALL RIGHT, HERE'S MINE:
LESS TALK...AND MORE DUEL!
YOU'RE ON, KID!
AND NOW, LET
THE PROCEEDINGS BEGIN.
FIRST WITNESS...
CARD DESTRUCTION!
TIME TO CLEAR
THE COURTROOM
BY DISCARDING OUR HANDS
AND DRAWING ALL NEW CARDS.
WHAT'S THE POINT?
YOU'LL SEE.
NOW I PLAY...
ELEGANT LIGHT LEVEL 4!
BUT I'LL DISMISS
EXHIBIT "A"
IN ORDER TO CALL
INTO QUESTION EXHIBIT "B"--
MY TRAP SLUZER!
I'LL THROW THESE
FACEDOWN...
AND REST MY CASE.
THIS GUY'S
PRETTY GOOD.
ANNOYING,
BUT GOOD.
Aster:
IT'S WORSE
THAN YOU THINK.
YOU WERE INVITED?!
THIS GUY X...
HE'S SARTORIUS'
ATTORNEY,
AND HE'S NEVER LOST
A DUEL.
THE LAST DUDE WHO
TRIED TO BEAT HIM
GOT 7 YEARS
IN THE CAN FOR
DISORDERLY DUELING!
WHOA!
Aster:
JADEN BETTER
WATCH HIS BACK.
THIS SLEAZEBALL'S
ABOUT AS SKILLED
AS THEY COME,
AND HE ISN'T
EXACTLY KNOWN
FOR HIS HONESTY.
OH, MAN. JAY'S DOOMED.
ALL RIGHT, X!
MY MOVE!
AND I'LL KICK THINGS
OFF WITH THIS!
MY ELEMENTAL HERO
SPARKMAN!
CARD OVERRULED!
YOU'RE OUT OF ORDER!
HUH?
AND HERE'S WHY.
I GIVE UP 1,000 POINTS
SO I CAN ACTIVATE THIS!
MY TRAP--MONSTER REGISTER!
YA SEE, COUNSEL...
YOU HAVE NO CASE--
THANKS TO MY TRAP,
THAT IS--
BECAUSE 4
OF YOUR CARDS
ARE SENTENCED
TO THE CARD GRAVEYARD.
AND WHY'S THAT?
YOU PLAYED
A LEVEL 4 MONSTER,
SO YOU'RE HELD ACCOUNTABLE
FOR DISMISSING 4 CARDS.
PROCEED WITH THE SENTENCE!
HEY, WAIT!
THOSE ARE MY BEST CARDS!
COME ON!
NOW, THAT'S HARSH.
JADEN NEEDS
THOSE CARDS IF HE'S
GONNA WIN THIS WAR!
THAT'S WHY X
TOOK THEM.
OH.
AND DON'T FORGET
MY TRAP SLUZER
IS STILL ON THE FIELD,
MR. YUKI.
SO TO SUMMARIZE:
I'M IMMUNE TO ALL TRAPS,
AND YOU'RE MISSING
YOUR MOST VALUABLE CARDS.
OH, WELL.
SEEMS THIS CASE...
IS OPEN AND SHUT.
OHH...
LEMME CLUE YOU IN
ON X's DUELING STYLE.
HE'S ALL ABOUT DESTRUCTION,
SO INSTEAD OF FOCUSING
ON LIFE POINTS,
X USES HIS SKILLS
TO BORROW, STEAL,
AND DESTROY
HIS OPPONENTS' CARDS.
AND FOR SOMEONE LIKE JADEN,
WHO HAS A STRONG CONNECTION
TO HIS CARDS,
THAT CAN BE DEVASTATING.
X KNOWS THAT,
AND HE ALSO KNOWS
WHEN HIS OPPONENT
RUNS OUT OF CARDS...
HE WINS!
JADEN'S GOT GAME,
BUT X HAS GOT STRATEGY.
HMM.
ALL RIGHT, KID.
IT'S YOUR TURN
TO TESTIFY.
HA HA.
HUH?
ALL RIGHT, X.
IT'S TIME YOU GOT
THAT SUIT DIRTY!
HOPE YOU CAN DEAL!
IT'S NEVER GONNA
HAPPEN, KID.
WANNA BET?
NOW SAY GOOD-BYE
TO YOUR TRAP SLUZER!
'CAUSE NOW--
I OBJECT!
NOW ACTIVATING...
THE TRAP CARD
THREATENING ROAR!
YOU SEE?
JUST LIKE THAT,
YOUR TURN'S COME
TO A CLOSE.
YOU'RE KIDDING!
BUT WHERE'S THE FUN
IN THAT?!
COME ON.
THIS IS A GAME.
HA HA HA HA!
A GAME?
YOU HAVE A LOT TO LEARN
ABOUT THE REAL WORLD,
MR. YUKI.
DUELING IS WORK,
BUT I WOULDN'T EXPECT
A NAIVE KID LIKE YOU
TO UNDERSTAND.
[GRUMBLING]
WATCH AND LEARN.
HA HA!
I'LL INTRODUCE
THIS CARD FACEDOWN,
AND THEN I'LL ADD
TWO MORE TO THE FIELD.
YOUR WITNESS, COUNSEL.
SO THAT'S
ALL YA GOT, HUH?
[THINKING]
I KNOW I'M GONNA
LOSE A FEW CARDS,
BUT I HAVE TO
DO THIS!
IT'S FUSION TIME!
SO I MERGE MY AVIAN
AND MY BURSTINATRIX
TO FORM
FLAME WINGMAN!
THEN YOU LOSE CUSTODY
OF 6 CARDS!
AW, MAN! COME ON!
NOT NEOS!
ORDER IN THE COURT!
YOU DO THE CRIME...
YOU DO THE TIME.
NOW CONTINUE
WITH YOUR TESTIMONY
SO WE CAN MOVE THINGS
ALONG.
NEWSFLASH.
THIS ISN'T
A COURTROOM, X!
THIS IS A DUEL,
AND TO PROVE IT,
I'M ATTACKING
YOUR FACEDOWN CARD
WITH MY FLAME WINGMAN!
NOW FOR ITS
SPECIAL EFFECT!
YOUR FORMER MONSTER'S
ATTACK POINTS
COME OUT OF
YOUR LIFE POINTS!
BET YA DIDN'T
SEE THAT COMING!
ON THE CONTRARY.
I WAS HOPING FOR IT!
HUH?
BECAUSE THANKS
TO MY MONSTER'S
SPECIAL EFFECT,
ALL OF OUR MONSTERS
GO BACK TO OUR DECKS!
FLAME WINGMAN?
SPARKMAN?
JAY'S LOSING HIS TROOPS
LEFT AND RIGHT!
X: NOW ADD
THE NUMBER OF STARS
ON EACH MONSTER CARD
YOU RETURNED TO YOUR DECK.
YOU WITH ME?
NOW DRAW
THAT MANY CARDS.
FLAME WINGMAN
HAS 6 STARS,
SO THAT'S 6 CARDS.
AND SPARKMAN HAS 4.
SO JADEN
DRAWS 10 CARDS.
WELL, HERE GOES.
ONE MORE STIPULATION!
IF YOU DRAW
AT LEAST ONE MONSTER,
YOU CAN KEEP
ALL 10 CARDS.
HOWEVER, IF YOU DIDN'T,
THEN THEY'RE ALL SENTENCED
TO THE GRAVEYARD.
SPARKMAN.
I'M COOL.
AND MINE...
GOES TO THE GRAVE.
WHOA, TALK ABOUT
A TOUGH BREAK.
LOOKS LIKE YOUR MOVE
BACKFIRED!
PLEASE.
DID YOU REALLY THINK
I'D LET YOU GET OFF
SCOT-FREE, MR. YUKI?
HUH?
NOT ON YOUR LIFE.
I'VE GOT A TRAP CARD.
IT'S CALLED
PURSE WITH A HOLE!
I CAN USE IT
IF YOU'VE GOT MORE
THAN 6 CARDS IN YOUR HAND,
AND IT RANDOMLY
SEIZES YOUR CARDS
UNTIL YOU'RE
HOLDING ONLY 5.
FOR REAL?!
OH!
AH!
WINGED KURIBOH!
OH, RIGHT.
MY TRAP CARD
HAS ANOTHER EFFECT.
YOU CAN'T PLAY ANY CARDS
FROM YOUR HAND!
[THINKING]
HOW AM I S'POSTA
DUEL LIKE THIS?
THANKS TO HIM,
I'M BARELY PLAYING
WITH HALF A DECK!
HOLD ON!
I'M NOT DONE!
NOW I PLAY
SOUL CONNECTION,
WHICH BRINGS ONE
OF MY MONSTERS BACK.
GUESS WHO?
NO, THANKS.
IT'S MY KEY WITNESS,
OF COURSE!
GIVE UP?
MY TRAP SLUZER!
FINE.
THAT'S MY TURN.
HARDLY SEEMS FAIR--
LOSING ALL
YOUR FAVORITE CARDS
AND KNOWING THERE'S
NOTHING YOU CAN DO.
BUT LIFE ISN'T FAIR...
NOW, IS IT?
OHH...
TRUST ME,
I'M GONNA GET
THOSE CARDS BACK!
HA HA HA HA!
YOU POOR SAP.
YOU HAVE SO MUCH
TO LEARN ABOUT LIFE.
[GRUMBLING]
BACK WHEN I WAS YOUR AGE,
ALL I DREAMED ABOUT
WAS SOMEDAY BECOMING
A PASTRY CHEF.
MY POINT: IN LIFE,
YOU CAN'T ALWAYS GET
WHAT YOU WANT, MY FRIEND.
[GRUMBLING]
BUT ENOUGH TALK!
I ACTIVATE THE SPELL CARD
POT OF GREED!
THIS LETS ME DRAW
TWO CARDS.
THEN I'LL SUMMON
MY TRAP SLUZER
TO THE FIELD!
SO FROM NOW ON,
MY DECK IS COMPLETELY
IMMUNE TO THE EFFECTS
OF ALL TRAP CARDS!
NOW, THEN.
I'LL THROW DOWN 3 FACEDOWNS
AND END MY TURN.
[GRUMBLING]
I PREDICT...
A JUDGMENT IN FAVOR OF ME.
AND AS FAR
AS YOUR SENTENCE...
WITH ONLY 9 CARDS LEFT,
YOUR DORM WILL
SOON BE DISMANTLED!
X: THE VERDICT
IS ALMOST IN!
SOON YOU WILL BE FOUND
GUILTY OF INFERIOR DUELING!
NOT IF I
CAN HELP IT!
HOLD THAT THOUGHT,
KID!
I ACTIVATE GACHI BATTLE!
OH!
AS LONG AS THIS CARD'S
ON THE FIELD...
WITH EACH TURN...
YOU AND I MUST SUMMON
A MONSTER FROM OUR DECK,
PROVIDED YOU STILL HAVE
SOME LEFT, OF COURSE.
[THINKING]
THAT MEANS MY DECK
WILL GET SMALLER
BY THE MINUTE!
YOU ARE AWARE
OF WHAT HAPPENS
ONCE YOU'VE EXHAUSTED
YOUR RESOURCES, RIGHT?
YOU LOSE,
AND NO ONE WILL BE
ABLE TO BAIL YOU OUT!
NOW GO.
JADEN!
THERE IS STILL HOPE.
REMEMBER YOUR DECK
IS INFUSED WITH
THE POWER OF NEO SPACE.
GET A LOAD
'A THIS BAD BOY!
NEO-SPACIAN
GLOW MOSS!
AHH, LEVEL 3.
SO I'LL CONFISCATE
3 CARDS!
HEY!
OH, MAN!
I'M SICK 'A THIS!
I ACTIVATE
MY NEOS ENERGY
SPELL CARD!
NOW ANY NEO-SPACIAN
ON THE FIELD
GETS AN 800-POINT
BONUS!
THAT'S NOT ALL.
GLOW MOSS' SPECIAL
EFFECT KICKS IN NOW.
AHH.
GET THIS!
WHAT HAPPENS NEXT
DEPENDS ON WHAT
YOUR TOP CARD
HAPPENS TO BE!
IF YOU'RE SWEATIN'
THIS TOO MUCH,
YOU CAN PASS,
BUT IF YOU DO THAT,
THEN THE TOP TWO
CARDS IN MY DECK
ARE AUTOMATICALLY SENT
TO THE GRAVEYARD.
SO WHAT'S IT GONNA BE?
I NEVER
BACK DOWN, KID!
THEN IF YOU JUST DREW
A SPELL CARD...
MY MONSTER CAN
ATTACK YOU DIRECTLY.
ON THE OTHER HAND...
IF IT'S A MONSTER,
THEN I LOSE.
SO LET'S SEE WHAT
YOU'VE PICKED UP, X.
GLOW MOSS!
SIGNAL CHECK!
LOOKS LIKE
A SPELL CARD!
HOW IMPRESSIVE.
GEE, THANKS!
BUT YOU AIN'T
SEEN NOTHING YET!
GLOW MOSS!
ATTACK HIM DIRECTLY!
OBJECTION.
I PLAY COMPULSORY
EVACUATION DEVICE!
SAY WHAT?!
WITH THIS CARD,
I PICK A MONSTER...
AND ORDER IT RIGHT BACK
TO YOUR HAND!
[GROANING]
[GRUMBLING]
ISN'T THERE
AN AMBULANCE YOU
SHOULD BE CHASING?
I'VE BEEN
ASKED THAT BEFORE.
BUT IF YOU THINK
THAT'S BAD...
WAIT'LL YOU SEE WHAT
MY SUPER GUARD CAN DO!
ALL I HAFTA DO IS
GIVE UP 500 LIFE POINTS.
NOW NO MONSTER
ON MY FIELD
CAN BE DESTROYED
IN BATTLE!
OH!
SORRY.
THIS CASE IS
JUST ABOUT CLOSED.
[THINKING]
HE'S RIGHT!
MY DECK IS DOWN
TO 4 CARDS,
AND NOW I'M FORCED TO
SUMMON ANOTHER MONSTER!
SO HOW DOES IT FEEL,
KNOWING YOU'VE LET DOWN
EVERYONE IN YOUR DORM?
[CHUCKLING]
[THINKING]
A DUEL'S NOT OVER
UNTIL THE LAST CARD
IS PLAYED.
EXACTLY.
SO YOU KNOW WHAT TO DO.
THEN LET'S DO THIS.
THIS GAME'S ON!
SO STAND BACK!
IT'S TIME
TO MIX THINGS UP!
AND I'LL START
WITH THIS--
MY COMMON SOUL
SPELL--
WHICH LETS ME
SUMMON GLOW MOSS!
IS HE OUT
OF HIS MIND?!
HERE'S THE DEAL.
THIS GIVES GLOW MOSS
THE POWER
TO SHARE HIS ENERGY,
SO I'LL CHOOSE
A MONSTER FOR HIM
TO SHARE WITH.
NOW, WHO WILL IT BE?
YOUR FIELD'S EMPTY,
SO THAT'S USELESS!
NOT EXACTLY, X!
'CAUSE HE'S JOINING
YOUR SIDE!
WHAT?!
I DON'T WANT 'IM.
ARE YOU SURE
ABOUT THAT?
'CAUSE HE'S SHARING
HIS ENERGY WITH YOU!
SO YOUR SLUZER
GETS 300 POINTS.
AND THERE'S MORE!
NOW I PLAY...
MY MIRACLE FUSION
SPELL!
SO ALL I HAFTA DO
IS REMOVE AVIAN,
BURSTINATRIX,
BUBBLEMAN, AND CLAYMAN
FROM THE GAME,
AND I CAN SUMMON
MY ELEMENTAL HERO
ELECTRUM!
A LEVEL 10
MONSTER?
THAT MEANS JADEN
LOSES 10 CARDS.
BUT HE CAN'T!
HE'S ONLY
GOT 3 LEFT!
HA HA HA HA!
IT LOOKS LIKE I WIN!
NOT FROM WHERE
I'M STANDING!
WHY NOT?
HE'S RIGHT.
IF YOU'RE NOT ABLE
TO DRAW A CARD
FROM YOUR DECK,
YOU LOSE.
BUT THAT'S NOT
WHAT HAPPENED.
HIS CARDS WERE
USED UP DUE TO
A SPECIAL EFFECT,
SO IT'S ON!
BUT HOW CAN JAY
PLAY WITHOUT
ANY CARDS?!
I'M CALLING
A MISTRIAL!
SORRY, BRO,
BUT THIS IS LEGIT.
I HAVE ONE SHOT
TO WIN,
SO LEMME
DO MY THING, X.
FIRST, MY ELECTRUM'S
SPECIAL ABILITY
ACTIVATES,
SO WE GET BACK
EVERY CARD
THAT WAS REMOVED
FROM THE GAME!
WHAT A WASTE.
HA HA!
NEXT I SUMMON...
SPARKMAN!
BUT WHY?
HE'S GONNA TAKE
JAY'S CARDS AGAIN!
[CHUCKLING]
WHAT WAS THE POINT
OF THAT?!
YOU'LL SEE.
NOW I'LL ORDER
MY ELECTRUM TO
ATTACK MY GLOW MOSS!
[CHUCKLING]
HA HA HA HA!
JUST PLEAD INSANITY!
YOU'VE OBVIOUSLY
GONE NUTS.
ATTACKING YOUR OWN CARDS
AND GIVING ME EXTRA POINTS?
THAT'S RIGHT.
NOW COULD YA LET ME
FINISH MY MOVE, PLEASE?
GOOD LUCK, JADEN.
IF ANYONE CAN DO THIS...
IT'S YOU.
GO!
ELECTRUM!
ELEMENTAL
RADIANT BURST!
SO CLOSE, YET SO FAR!
I PLAY RECYCLE BARRIER,
WHICH PREVENTS ME
FROM TAKING ANY DAMAGE
FOR THE REST OF THIS TURN.
NICE, HUH?
AND THANKS TO SUPER GUARD,
GLOW MOSS HAS IMMUNITY.
AND THANKS TO MY TRAP...
MY LIFE POINTS
HAVE IMMUNITY!
THEREFORE, YOU MIGHT SAY
I'M INDESTRUCTIBLE!
IT'S CROSS-EXAMINATION TIME!
IN OTHER WORDS,
I CAN TURN YOUR MONSTER'S
SPECIAL EFFECTS AGAINST YOU!
FLIP YOUR TOP CARD!
AH!
I TAKE IT
YOU JUST REMEMBERED?
I DON'T HAVE
ANY CARDS LEFT!
[GRUMBLING]
HEY, X.
SINCE I'M ALL OUT
OF CARDS,
THE OTHER ABILITY OF
GLOW MOSS KICKS IN NOW.
[GRUMBLING]
THAT'S RIGHT!
TWO OF YOUR CARDS
GO STRAIGHT
TO THE GRAVEYARD--
YOUR TOP TWO!
SO YOU'RE DOWN
TO 12!
NOW, SPARKMAN,
ATTACK!
DESTROY HIS GLOW MOSS
WITH STATIC SHOCKWAVE!
AND WITH HIM GONE...
YOU LOSE TWO MORE CARDS
FROM YOUR DECK NOW!
AH!
YOU'LL NEVER GET AWAY
WITH THIS, YOU BRAT!
WANNA MAKE A BET?
I ACTIVATE...
MY DEFUSION
SPELL CARD!
OH, NO!
ELECTRUM!
DISCONNECT!
NOW I CAN
BRING BACK...
AVIAN! BURSTINATRIX!
CLAYMAN!
AND BUBBLEMAN!
AH. LOOK, MR. YUKI,
THERE MUST BE ANOTHER WAY
WE CAN HANDLE THIS, RIGHT?
WHY DON'T WE JUST
SETTLE OUT OF COURT?
BUT I'M JUST STARTING
TO HAVE FUN!
OH, AND BY THE WAY...
YOU LOSE TWO CARDS
FOR EACH ATTACK!
MOMMY!
GO, AVIAN!
ATTACK
HIS GLOW MOSS!
QUILL CASCADE!
BURSTINATRIX!
FLARE STORM!
CLAYMAN!
CLAY CLOBBERER!
BUBBLEMAN!
BUBBLE BLAST!
AH!
WELL...NICE TRY.
YOU ACTUALLY HAD ME
NERVOUS FOR A SEC,
BUT I'VE STILL GOT
A FEW CARDS LEFT,
AND YOU'RE ALL OUT OF
MONSTERS THAT CAN ATTACK ME.
HMM.
HEY, YOU'RE RIGHT.
MUST'VE MISCOUNTED.
NAH, JUST KIDDING!
I STILL HAVE THIS--
THE SPELL CARD
INSTANT FUSION!
SO I SEND MY 4 HEROES
BACK TO THE GRAVEYARD
IN ORDER TO BRING OUT
A FUSION MONSTER
YOU MIGHT REMEMBER!
NO!!!
IT'S MY ELECTRUM!
AH!
ELEMENTAL
RADIANT BURST!
AND THAT'S
ALL SHE WROTE,
SO IT LOOKS LIKE
THIS CASE IS CLOSED!
COME ON.
THAT'S MY LINE.
JADEN JUST WON THE DUEL!
10-4.
WELL DONE, SIR!
THAT'S GAME.
YOU'RE PRETTY GOOD.
A LITTLE BIT UPTIGHT,
MAYBE, BUT GOOD!
OHH...
THE JAY-MAN
DOES IT AGAIN!
Syrus: WAY TA PLAY!
Hassleberry:
IMPRESSIVE TACTICS,
SOLDIER!
Jaden: I WAS PRETTY
AWESOME, WASN'T I?
HMM!
[THINKING]
BUT I COULDN'T HAVE DONE IT
WITHOUT YOU GUYS.
THE CARDS PREDICTED
JADEN'S DEFEAT,
BUT HE DEFIED DESTINY.
I MUST MAKE HIM
SEE THE LIGHT!
♪ CHILLING OUT
WITH THE CREW IN
THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE ♪
♪ NEVER LOOKING
TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL,
BACK AT CLASS ♪
♪ THEY NEVER
TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOT
TO LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE
'EM ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, COME ON
AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪